---
title: it doesn't cost anything to be nice
date: 2022-06-13T11:12:00
draft: true
---

I had SRS with James Bellringer on 6th June 2022, late at night I decided to
just write some stuff, then after I woke up at about midday I was whacked out on
morphine and wrote a bit more & continued to until a few days after leaving the
hospital, it was a nice way pass the time & so I've typed it out :)

---

## 5th, 11:52pm

i miss you -- i wish i was holding your hand

> i feel lost without you

that made me smile. i feel happy for once -- i've been living on autopilot for
so long, then you appeared and now everything doesn't seem so bad. maybe thats
bad though, i should want to live for myself, "happiness only real when shared"

i should read more

## 6th, 1:39pm

really want to move my legs, no pain -- pressure from the catheter kind of sucks
but apart from that everything feels fine. can wiggle my toes -- so probably not
disabled

## 6th, 6:37pm

Had some really nice Shepards Pie, and then some meds that make me shidd i
guess. Drip started beeping for like 15 minutes -- battery problem. Really feel
like i need to have a passive piss -- catheters sucks.

did some drawing too:

![morphine drawings]()

spoke to Alex, its a weird line to tread when you're on drugs speaking to your
senior. showed him the drawing -- i'd give a shit if I weren't high back then --
kind of wish I'd had some more morphine a bit ago as I've been awake basically
all day since my operation. I figure I should write these entries as a way to
keep track and maybe even put them on my blog? or not... (and i can move my legs
too!)

## 7th, 5:36am

day two! had the worst sleep ever last night, in so much pain from the pressure
dressing I had to ask for the morphine beeper (PCA). had a huge panic attack
because it was so bad... pressed the beeper a bunch of times and drifted into
sleep :) had my blood pressure check this morning & apparently it's consistently
low... took two more beeps of morphine because my ass hurts lmao

hopefully this pressure dressing comes off soon since it's the main source of
all my discomfort :(

## 7th, 9:04am

Had Bellringer come and see me -- said everything went absolutely fine and is
not not worried about me, my morphine "christmas tree" is going soon :( and also
pressure bandage off + walking!

![gixxer]()

## 7th, 1:23pm

got the dressing off, much relief! had a look at what I got and pleasantly
surprised. you see a lot of shit on the internet about SRS, but it actually
looks pretty good -- scars and all considered. there are two big sutures
parallel to the... hole? pain isn't so bad, have a pillow under me to help, it's
just uncomfortable mostly -- I walked a little too -- maybe like 5 steps to the
bathroom, I was pretty worried I'd fall over so didn't try and do anything too
heroic.

## 7th, ???

Another brief walk, put my phone on charge and then went to the bathroom to wash
my hands, was going to try and wash my face but started going dizzy, so didn't
push my luck. when getting back into bed i knocked over the piss bag -- oops.

## 7th, 10:49pm

For the last 4-5 hours I've been feeling my bladder getting fuller... and
fuller... and fuller, to the point where I felt dizzy and hyperventilating -- my
belly was so fully I looked pregnant. Did some kind of ultrasound and revealed I
was "full to the hilt" with 981ml of pee, they used a syringe to try and flush
whateveer was in there out -- thankfully whatever it was came out... then a huge
chunk. I just laughed out of sheer relief -- was very worried they might have to
take it out and put it back in again. I've heard that's super painful.

thank you so much kiwi nurse!!

## 7th, 7:59am

I want to go to sleep and not wake up again. I woke up covered in sweat and
blood all down my gown. so I went to the toilet and took it all off, called the
nurse and she exclaimed; "you're naked?!" -- Yes. this is extremely embarassing
for me can you just stop gauping at me and just help?

## 7th, 8:04pm

Had Tina Rasheed(?) come in and check on my... thing... there was something
sticking out which was apparently a bit of fat that will disappear... how? I've
no idea. feel very irritable and just generally like trash. Don't want to at or
move or really do anything :(

maybe i should've just had a fucking orchi.

## 8th, 8:30am

had breakfast, poached egg and bacon. got up and walked from one end of my room
to the other 10 times, not really difficult just wanted to go lay back in bed
and be sad. time is just crawling... everyone in the other rooms seem to having
a fab time -- what is wrong with me?

## 8th, 9:13am

![had enough of this fucking bullshit!]()

## 8th, 10:09am

Tried to go to the toilet to no avail, didn't want to strain -- Laura came in a
bit ago & looked at it. Apparently common problem with the fat. Passing time by
watching seaons 2 of Euphoria -- its kind of boring -- at ep 7.

## 8th, 12:00am

When I was at Hannahs she [croc'd]() me Euphoria & then my laptop ran out of
space on the last ep. I just got to the climax of it and the data went all
garbled. I do feel like writing this with the forknowledge of it being published
somewhere is making me be less honest with what I'm feeling than I should be.

I don't want to hurt people by talking about them... I miss her. I wish she were
here and would make me feel better with her smile -- and we could talk about all
the places we're going to visit on our bikes -- I kinda wanted to offer to say
"lets go to Morroco!". I think i'm just being too forward -- though I do feel
happy around her in a way I haven't in a long time -- honeymoon vibes? i'm such
a stupid 22 year old haha

## 8th, 2:08pm

Got up to walk again & felt p good comparatively. Started to get a bit worried I
haven't been able to go to the toilet in some time -- well since the surgery &
basically then I've just been gobbling all I can get my hands on. felt happy
talking to you, could literally talk about droplets of paint drying & it'd still
make me smile :)

some bruising on the labia starting to appear -- but overall not too bad right
now. this place does kinda have solitary confinement vibes -- getting up and
pacing around the room, having food brought to you, being a prisoner in your own
body, familiar feel.

## 8th, 2:55pm

napped a little. Had this Ghanian nurse come in and change my sheets, talking
about "de octopooose". i love her accent, she commented on me being tall and how
petite women can make children that end up being bigger than themselves. said my
hair was very nice & thick also -- though that's probably because I haven't been
able to wash it in a few days...

## 8th, 9:50pm

Last few hours have gone by pretty quickly, I'm thankful for that.

Conversation about hentai busas made me laugh for the first time since I got
here <3 Had some salmon for lunch & chicken for dinner -- not super feeling the
chargrilled tastes, something weirdly synthetic about it.

trying to keep on top of my hygiene going to the bathroom every so often and
wiping my face with wipes, just to prevent me from looking too oily...
ironically I don't have any acne right now -- fucking typical

## 8th, 11:09pm

My brother called me, asked me how I was doing, then proceeded to talk about his
infidelious relationship for 20 minutes -- such a toxic person. I don't need
that in my life anymore. Talk to my mum for a bit too, network here is so awful,
like 320kbps -- epic!!

## 9th, 8:34pm

Despite timing going slowly, I'm glad its Thursday already -- day 4! more than
half way to 1 week post-op! 7 or so more wkeeks and things might be back to a
sense of semi-normality

Been readin stuff on reddit about how people are doing at that point in time and
the general consensus is great -- apparently I get a shower tomorrow which I'm
absolutely desperate for -- gonna clean myself a bit later and do some more
walking, a whole 10 laps of the room

## 9th, 9:34am

Had Laura come and check on it, says it's looking perfect which is so relieving.
Go home on Sunday at 10am. so glad everything is ok "so far" -- read some horror
stories about dehisence and that is super terrifying.

## 9th, 5:21pm

Been sleeping so much lately, think abll this has finally caught up with my
body. Bellringer came in earlier before lunch, dripped out in some brown cargo
shorts & tee, took a look down there & exclaimed: "you have had surgery, haven't
you?" I guess that's a good sign. A few people online don't like his bedside
manner but I kinda like his terse humorous approach.

Thinking about school days, feel a bit dysphoric right now, I wish I'd tried a
bit harder with self-medding but I was a pretty naive, shy & anxious kid who
figured 'r NHS would actually help me.

That's not to say I'm not happy, but the last 3 years or so have been incredibly
difficult, there still sn't the endgame in sight either unfortunately.

Just got zapped in the vag, hurt pretty bad, but only briefly.

Going home on the Sunday too at about 10am, which'll be nice -- iirc I already
mentioned that -- I'm dumb.

Had the worst stake ever earlier, was tough as boot, they must do something
weird with to get the chargrilled effect because it tastes really weird. Chips
were nice though, fucking demolished them

## 9th, 9:51pm

What day is it even tomorrow? day 5? Had another look in the bathroom, labia is
pretty bruised, but only on one half of the sutures which is kinda odd.

So bored of walking around my room -- just get up after each meal, brush my
teeth, wipe my face/body, do 10 laps end-to-end of the room -- no idea if that's
a good amou t of walking they haven't really told me much, still not toilet
which sucks, I always get this way after anaesthetic :(

Watched that JRE podcast about the FtM wave sweeping America, which they get
increasingly more transphobic as the episode goes on, kind of like they felt
like they're in a safe-space to be complete pieces of shit.

Saw the 'stuff made here' video about the 3d hoop robot -- kinda wanna try some
gradient descent since intuitively it seems fairly straight-forward. Gonna buy
some shrooms when I get back home too -- being kept in this room for so long is
making me lose my shit.

## 10th, 8:06am

day 5 -- every part of my body is just begging to go back to sleep. So sleep I
don't wanna eat, or anything really

## 10th, 8:22am

Had breakfast, went for the cold option this time of fruit & fibre + a croissant
as kinda sick of eggs, beans and sausage. the croissant would've been nice if it
were warm. Apparently they're gonna clamp my catheter in a bit to take a sample
which'll be "discomfortable" -- nurses word not mine.

## 10th, 10:45am

Clamped, but it came off somehow -- so it's back on again. keep getting
occassional shooting pains that makes my leg jerk

## 10th, 11:03am

Nurse came in to take the sample & asked "are you in any discomfort?" -- I shook
my head -- she said she needed me to be in discomfort otherwise the sample might
not be ready. we tried it anyway, I get up out of bed & after a few secs -- yes,
discomfort, ouch fuck that was not nice.

## 10th, 12:34pm

Food here is very hit & miss -- Shepards Pie is really nice -- though that might
possible be carried by the layer of cheese caked on top. I'd reccommend avoiding
anything chargrilled. Often I'd put on the menu sheet "NO MAYO, NO BUTTER" (I'm
weirdly adverse to cold sauces) & yet it'd still come with them, just a bit
annoying.

Pretty fed up with being here now, at least the ice-cream is good, probably had
like 7 tubes of ben & jerries -- & I was hoping to lose some weight out of all
this...

Spoke to Ken on Discord a bit, nice to have some interaction with someone other
than a nurse, he said he wouldn't get SRS for even a billion quid. I told him
about how strange it feels walking, sitting etc. with nothing being in the way.
I'm not sure I've fully mentally processed what has happened, really no sense of
regret other than having to deal with recovery, which is a good sign?

## 10th, 5:26pm

Starting to get pretty irritated with this, same shit every day. interactions
with some of the nurses can be pretty awkward, a good few of them don't have
very good English, so trying to communicate personal things is hard. For e.g. I
asked one for a shaving razor & postioned towards my face, she comes back with
like surgical trimmers that'd probably rip the skin off my face, thanks?

The combination of being basically naked bar a gown, fairly un-hygenic (no
shower for >5 days), smelling awful because there's a healing area & difficulty
communicating makes every interaction close to agonising

I can't wait for this fucking week to end

## 10th, 7:55pm

Mentally reaching the end of my tether with this place, revolving door of new
people seeing me in this state is so exhausting -- I just wanna crawl up and
hide

Tina Rasheed came in earlier, packing & catheter comes out tomorrow, neither of
which is going to be nice. Only <2 days before I can leave. I don't feel any
great wave of relief, I haven't cried. I think I'm blocking out processing
everything because otherwise it'd be traumatic

Part of the problem is being in an incredibly vulnerable state & projecting my
own judgement onto everyone that comes into my room. I don't like the loss of
control at all, the massive invasion of privacy. I guess these are normal
feelings for anyone in a hospital though. I probably stink so bad :<

## 10th, 9:57pm

Student nurse came in & said I smells nice in my room -- which is fucking
surprising since I feel like it smells goddamn awful in here. maybe I'm paranoid

## 11th, 7:56am

Everything out soon, the apprehension of pain is the worse part. I am scared,
hair has evolved beyond chip-pan levels into having more oil that iraq. please
just let this be over

## 11th, 8:19am

being socially paranoid of people, staring at your junk it maybe not kThen
theres the act of going to the toilet. It takes me about 10 minutes to empty my
bladder, it's extremely slow, painful and because it dribbles no matter how much
i relax, it will then just go all over that entire area, leaving me soaken.

## 15th, 10:44am

i got the wrong fucking lube, optilube 1125 instead of 1120, much less viscous
and in a syringe, first time i used it it blew out all at once all over my arm,
have some more coming later today, so think i will just keep to the orange
dilator until then because otherwise its very painful :(
