---
title: The U+NION building gives me the creeps
date: 2025-10-24T19:34:00Z
---

I moved to Manchester a couple months ago now, it's a nice place, bigger than
Bristol, smaller than London, a decent sized city where one could reasonably
walk the diameter of the ring-road in under an hour. When I go outside in the
evening to take in the brisk autumnal air, watch the sunset with its pink & blue
tints fade to black (and to have a smoke) - I always notice the U+NION building
in the background.

U+NION (<https://liveunion.com/>) is a skyscaper presenting fully erect and
piercing into the Mancunian skyline, it's adorned with a great neon sign glowing
it's great white hue, which often handily acts as the lighthouse that guides me
home after my outings (since I no longer carry a smartphone), doubly it also
serves many a young professional as their place of residence.

A co-living space, gym, cafe/bar & club all rolled into one starting at 900 odd
quid per month. For a young professional on a salary of ~30k that'd represent
~30-40% of a monthly income, bills included - not too bad all considered in the
present day. The building itself is owned by Vita Group, self-proclaimed "urban
development regeneration specialist" and "fully vertically-integrated developer,
seller and operator of property investment products"
[whose revenue & EBITDA in 2024](https://find-and-update.company-information.service.gov.uk/company/11963176/filing-history/MzQ4MjM0MjkwOGFkaXF6a2N4/document?format=pdf&download=0)
stood at £254.2m and £62.5m respectively.

So what about it? it's just a business, why do I even care?. The issue I take is
that I feel the U+NION's community aspect is foundationally fake - a
pre-packaged sense of authentic urban community cooked up in a boardroom with
the aim of increasing tenant retention. Togetherness As A Service. I did some
research and found that as a tenant, upon admission you're to take some sort of
test and then algorithmically matched with the people who you're to live with,
very helpfully replacing the messiness that comes with organically creating
social relationships. I expect meeting your neighbours goes something like:
_"Hello, The Algorithm™ has placed us in close proximity due to the quantatative
overlap of our personality metrics and interests - lovely to make your
acquaintance!"_. U+NION needs the people that live there to form connections as
lonely & isolated tenants are more likely to leave.

Looking into their Instagram I can see that the community events that are hosted
by staff also seem to primarily benefit Vita Group: "pub crawls" route tenants
between other nearby Vita Group owned buildings and bars, pizza nights source
food in-house from Vita Group restaurants. The social circuit is a closed
commercial loop, all funds flowing upwards rather than between the local
economy. They do also seem to intersperse non-profit-seeking activities like
painting or knitting... so that's cool I guess.

What this comes across as to me is that this is a corporation mediating young
people's social lives, and the community built around the building primarily
serves as a value add to shareholders. The friendships tenants form may be real
and may outlast their tenancy but still, their formation is engineered and
extractive. The commodification of community itself!

Previous generations of people formed communities through institutions they
themselves controlled or co-created: churches, unions, neighborhood
associations, or housing co-operatives with democratic governance. A neat
example from history I learned recently from
[The Green Ages](https://profilebooks.com/work/the-green-ages/) is the
[Beguines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beguines_and_Beghards) of medieval
Europe, they ran their own semi-monastic communities without corporate or
ecclesiastical oversight. U+NION offers the aesthetic of community while
retaining all structural power - a multi-national corporation designs their
social life to minimize churn and thus increase profits.

Vita Group has capitalized on a fertile opportunity for rent extraction created
by two converging conditions: the atomized, isolated nature of contemporary
urban life generates demand for community, and housing scarcity that eliminates
alternatives - thus monetizing loneliness and necessity simultaneously. The
building looms over the city, glowing its promise of belonging. What it actually
illuminates is how thoroughly we're allowing capital to mediate the basic human
need for connection.
